Hi all,

I've made some changes to the project. If you were potentially interested in joining the team, but had some reservations, please review the new options I've added.

# Collection

You now can give students these options:

- submit links to their GenAI chats (this will require students to sign up for an account)
- submit transcripts downloaded with the specified tool and extension
- submit transcripts in any form

You are also free to let students use GenAI chatbots other than ChatGPT. However, if they submit links for other services, it's unknown whether we can get the data in a usable form.

# Guidelines

You can still specify any GenAI policy you want. However, in addition to the policy, you can provide guidelines or recommendations on GenAI use to tell your students how you want them to use GenAI. In contrast, your policy specifies what counts as a violation of NUS's Academic Honesty policy. Guidelines will be put under a separate header so students are clear on the difference.

# Chat review options

You can choose what to tell students about whether you will review the chats, e.g.:

- instructor will feel free to look at the chats during the semester (for this choice, nothing will be stated about this topic on the policy website)
- instructor does not plan to look at the chats during the semester, but may do so for pedagogical purposes
- instructor will look at the chats only in cases of suspected policy violations
- instructor will not review any chats until after grades have been submitted

I'm happy to change the wording for anyone's individual policy.

# GenAI services options

You can choose whether to allow just ChatGPT use, some specific set of GenAI services (Gemini, Copilot, Bard, etc.), or any GenAI chatbot. Note that this choice may affect the decision about chat links vs. transcripts, as I don't know which services allow shared links that last long enough to download. I also don't know if other services allow downloads in a form we can easily analyze.

# Project page

I'm going to set up a project page you can point students to that will have a separate page for all participating sections.

# To participate

To join, please email me:

- your course section codes
- meeting times (so students can confirm that they have the right section)
- the policy you want and any additional text or guidelines (also feel free to reach out if you want to discuss it with me first)
- what you want the policy to say, if anything, re: the "Chat review options" and the "GenAI services options" above

Let me know if you have any questions!
